Support Class Field in VS/VSR (#994)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs-web/configuration/virtualserver-and-virtualserverroute-resources.md

     - A list of routes.
     - `[]route <#virtualserver-route>`_
     - No
   * - ``class``

>      - Specifies which Ingress controller must handle the VirtualServer resource. Set to `nginx` to make NGINX Ingress controller handle it.

Reviewer: The second sentence assumes that other Ingress Controllers can handle VirtualServer resources (not true) and that our Ingress Controller has the `nginx` class (not always true). That's why I suggest removing it here and in the VSR doc:
```suggestion
     - Specifies which Ingress controller must handle the VirtualServer resource.
```

>      - Specifies which Ingress controller must handle the Virtual Server resource. Set to `nginx` to make NGINX Ingress controller handle it.

Reviewer 2: Just for consistency we use `VirtualServer`:
```suggestion
     - Specifies which Ingress controller must handle the VirtualServer resource. Set to `nginx` to make NGINX Ingress controller handle it.
```

     - A list of subroutes.
     - `[]subroute <#virtualserverroute-subroute>`_
     - No
   * - ``class``

>      - Specifies which Ingress controller must handle the VirtualServerRoute resource. Set to `nginx` to make NGINX Ingress controller handle it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Specifies which Ingress controller must handle the VirtualServerRoute resource. Must be the same as the ``class`` of the VirtualServer that references this resource.
```

>      - Specifies which Ingress controller must handle the Virtual Server Route resource. Set to `nginx` to make NGINX Ingress controller handle it.

Reviewer 2: Same as before:

```suggestion
     - Specifies which Ingress controller must handle the VirtualServerRoute resource. Set to `nginx` to make NGINX Ingress controller handle it.
```
